Here are some romance kdrama for you:

You are My Destiny
Jang Sae-byuk is a cheerful and grateful orphan who always tries her best. She dreams of one day becoming an interior designer, despite her lack of education and money. Because of an accident that happened before the story starts (about three years ago), she loses her sight and undergoes corneal transplant surgery. Different events unravel when she encounters the Kim family, who has lost a daughter in a horrible car crash, unbeknownst to everyone besides the father and older brother. The stories...

Hwajung
Fair Princess Jungmyung lives a life of the highest privilege, until her half-brother Prince Gwanghae executes the rightful crown prince and usurps the throne. Exiled from court, Jungmyung goes under disguise as a man and learns to adapt to life as a commoner — never forgetting Gwanghae's wrongdoing. But amidst rampant corruption throughout the kingdom, can Jyungmyung exact her vengeance, restore order and take back her rightful place in the palace?...

Sweet Home, Sweet Honey
Even though Oh Bom is in a difficult financial situation, she is still bright and positive. She works part-time work at a factory. Kang Ma-Roo is a kind and simple young man. He is naive about the world. An Tae-Ho is the section chief of a company. He is an ambitious man. He approaches Choi A-Ran for his own gain and marries her. Choi A-Ran is the heiress of a large company. She is smart, but has a painful past. Her younger sister went missing and her parents abandoned her....

Only Love
Kim Tae-yang is a physician and Choi Yoo-ri is a broadcasting producer. Choi Jae-min is a dandy-ish executive at a clothing company and Kim Saet-byul is an unwed mother. Kim Woo-joo is much younger than Hong Mi-rae. As these three couples fall in love, they explore issues of age difference, blood ties and adoption, and wealth and poverty....

Potato Star 2013QR3
A mysterious asteroid crash-lands on Earth in 2013 and causes all sorts of weird things to start happening, specifically to the Noh family and their neighbors....
